Add more examples on address spaces (#2767)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/ref-address-space-example-exporting-endpoints.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-managing-address-spaces.adoc

[id='ref-address-space-example-exporting-endpoints-{context}']

> = Exporting address space info into the application namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Exporting address space information to the application namespace
```

This address space example shows how you can export the endpoint information of an `AddressSpace`

> resource into a `ConfigMap`, `Secret` or `Service` in the same namespace as the messaging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource to a `ConfigMap`, `Secret`, or `Service` in the same namespace as the messaging
```

application.

[source,yaml,options="nowrap"]
----
apiVersion: enmasse.io/v1beta1
kind: AddressSpace
metadata:
  name: myspace
spec:
  type: standard
  plan: standard-unlimited
  authenticationService:
    name: standard-authservice
  endpoints:
  - name: messaging
    service: messaging
    exports:
    - kind: ConfigMap <1>
      name: my-config <2>
----

> <1> (Required) The export kind. The resulting `ConfigMap` will contain the values in the format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> (Required) The export type. The resulting `ConfigMap` contains the values in the format
```

> shown in link:[]. For `Secret`, the same keys are used, but the values will be base64-encoded. For

Reviewer: Missing link info

> shown in link:[]. For `Secret`, the same keys are used, but the values will be base64-encoded. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shown in link:[]. For `Secret`, the same keys are used, but the values are base64-encoded. For
```

> `Service`, a {KubePlatform} service of the type `ExternalName` will be created. This provides applications running on {KubePlatform} with a way to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Service`, a {KubePlatform} service of the type `ExternalName` is created. This provides applications running on {KubePlatform} with a way to
```

inject endpoint information or provide a proxy service in the same namespace as the application. For more information see link:{BookUrlBase}{BaseProductVersion}{BookNameUrl}#ref-address-space-example-exports-messaging[example exports format].
<2> (Required) The name of the resource to create and update.

> When exporting endpoint formation, the {ProductName} address-space-controller service account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When exporting endpoint information, the {ProductName} `address-space-controller` service account
```

> running in the {ProductName} namespace must be granted privileges to create, update and delete the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running in the {ProductName} namespace must be granted privileges to create, update, and delete the
```

> configmap specified in the exports list. This can be done by creating an RBAC role and role-binding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configmap specified in the exports list. You can do this by creating an RBAC role and role-binding
```

> like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as this one:
```
